Adds Company Management (#111)
teamviewer/TeamViewerPS: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## x.x.x (2026-xx-xx)

### Added

- Adds `Get-TeamViewerCompany` to retrieve the company / tenant details.
- Adds `Get-TeamViewerLicense` to retrieve company / tenant licenses.

> - Adds `Remove-TeamViewerCompany` to delete the company / tenant (Dangerous!).

Reviewer: A little bit different wording perhaps:
```suggestion
- Adds `Remove-TeamViewerCompany` to delete the company / tenant (Cannot be reverted! Use with care!).
```
